README.md, before:

## Topics covered

* [cd](docs/cd.md)
* [IO Redirection](docs/io-redirection.md)
* [jq](docs/jq.md)
* [mkdir](docs/mkdir.md)
* [mktemp](docs/mktemp.md)
* [pbcopy and pbpaste](docs/pbcopy-pbpaste.md)
* [vim](docs/vim.md)
* [git](docs/git.md)
* [curl](docs/curl.md)
* [cron](docs/cron.md)
* [Mounting filesystems](docs/mount.md)
* [Logging sessions and 'su' command](docs/su.md)
* [Types of shells](docs/shells.md)
* [Comparing files and directories with diff](docs/diff.md)
* [less](docs/less.md)
* [lsof](docs/lsof.md)
* [/proc directory](docs/proc-directory.md)
* [ps](docs/ps.md)
* [File timestamps](docs/file-timestamps.md)
* [find](docs/find.md)
* [du](docs/du.md)
* [ls](docs/ls.md)


## Solving problems

### I encounter a command that you don't know, what do I do?

Go to [explainshell.com](https://explainshell.com/). This will explain the command and the options used.

### I forgot what options I need to pass to the command, what do I do?

You can use tools like [eg](https://github.com/srsudar/eg) which provide you with common examples of using different commands

## Useful resources

* Learn about advanced Bash one-liners [here](http://www.bashoneliners.com/)

Commit message:

Add list of awesome things

README.md, after:

## Topics covered

* [cd](docs/cd.md)
* [IO Redirection](docs/io-redirection.md)
* [jq](docs/jq.md)
* [mkdir](docs/mkdir.md)
* [mktemp](docs/mktemp.md)
* [pbcopy and pbpaste](docs/pbcopy-pbpaste.md)
* [vim](docs/vim.md)
* [git](docs/git.md)
* [curl](docs/curl.md)
* [cron](docs/cron.md)
* [Mounting filesystems](docs/mount.md)
* [Logging sessions and 'su' command](docs/su.md)
* [Types of shells](docs/shells.md)
* [Comparing files and directories with diff](docs/diff.md)
* [less](docs/less.md)
* [lsof](docs/lsof.md)
* [/proc directory](docs/proc-directory.md)
* [ps](docs/ps.md)
* [File timestamps](docs/file-timestamps.md)
* [find](docs/find.md)
* [du](docs/du.md)
* [ls](docs/ls.md)


## Solving problems

### I encounter a command that you don't know, what do I do?

Go to [explainshell.com](https://explainshell.com/). This will explain the command and the options used.

### I forgot what options I need to pass to the command, what do I do?

You can use tools like [eg](https://github.com/srsudar/eg) which provide you with common examples of using different commands

## Awesome things

Check out a [list of of awesome things](docs/awesome-things.md) to make your Linux experience easier and more fun.

## Useful resources

* Learn about advanced Bash one-liners [here](http://www.bashoneliners.com/)
